Feat: Adds tutorial on how to include images from unDraw/DrawKit (#25)
Appsilon/shiny.emptystate: vignettes/use-undraw-drawkit-image.Rmd

empty_state_manager <- EmptyStateManager$new(
    id = "myElement",
    html_content = tags$image(src = "www/img/image.png")
  )
```
Or if you are using the utility function `empty_state_component()`, 

```r
empty_state <- empty_state_component(
  content = tags$img(src = "www/img/image.png"),
  title = "No content to display"
  )
```
For a [Rhino](https://appsilon.github.io/rhino/index.html) application, we suggest storing images in a directory within `app/static`. 

If the image is in `app/static/img/image.png`, you can use the same code as above.
Update the `src` path accordingly.

```r
empty_state_manager <- EmptyStateManager$new(
    id = "myElement",
    html_content = tags$image(src = "app/static/img/image.png")
  )
  
empty_state <- empty_state_component(
  content = tags$img(src = "app/static/img/image.png"),
  title = "No content to display"
  )
```

All image file formats (including `gif`) should work, but we suggest using `png` and `svg`.
URL paths can also work, but we suggest keeping the images in the application's directory path.

The size of the images can be specified inline, e.g. `style = "height = "10rem"`, or through CSS.

# Using Images from DrawKit/unDraw

> The licenses of [DrawKit](https://www.drawkit.com/license) and [unDraw](https://undraw.co/license) allows the use of their images for visual improvements only.
> 
> unDraw allows for direct download of images, as `svg` or `png`. DrawKit requires an e-mail where they will send the download link for the selected set of images.

Reviewer: Maybe let's just add a note that before using those services check their licenses?

Their license can change and our vignette would become outdated.

What do you think about rephrasing it to:

```suggestion
> **Important:** Before using illustrations from the mentioned services, please get acquainted with their respective licenses: [DrawKit License](https://www.drawkit.com/license), [unDraw License](https://undraw.co/license)
```

We will use an image from unDraw as an example.

For vanilla Shiny, the path to the image can be `www/undraw_spreadsheet_re_cn18.svg`.

For Rhino, path to the image can be `app/static/img/undraw_spreadsheet_re_cn18.svg` but the path passed to `src` should only be `/static/img/undraw_spreadsheet_re_cn18.svg`.

The example below works for vanilla Shiny.

```r
library(shiny)
library(shiny.emptystate)
library(reactable)
library(fontawesome)

ui <-
  fluidPage(
    tags$head(

>       tags$link(rel = "stylesheet", type = "text/css", href = "styles.css")

Author: I agree. I opted for inline CSS. It is about 37 lines of css code, so I think it is worth making the example self-contained.

        }

        #hide {
          border-color: transparent;
          border: 0;
          background-color: #9c9cfc;
          color: black;
          font-weight: 600;
          margin-left: 0.25rem;
        }"
      ))
    ),
    use_empty_state(),
    reactableOutput("my_table", width = "60%"),
    tags$div(
      id = "toggle_emptystate_buttons",
      actionButton("show", "Show empty state!"),
      actionButton("hide", "Hide empty state!")
    )
  )

server <- function(input, output, session) {
  empty_state_content <-
    empty_state_component(
      tags$image(id = "my_image", src = "undraw_spreadsheet_re_cn18.svg"),
      title = "Please hide empty state to see the table",
      subtitle = tags$span(
        "Image downloaded from ", 
        tags$a("unDraw", href = "https://undraw.co/illustrations")
      )
    )

  empty_state_manager <- EmptyStateManager$new(
    id = "my_table",
    html_content = empty_state_content
  )

  observeEvent(input$show, {
    empty_state_manager$show()
  })

  observeEvent(input$hide, {
    empty_state_manager$hide()
  })

  output$my_table <- reactable::renderReactable({
    reactable(iris)
  })
}

shinyApp(ui, server)
```

> <img src="files/unDraw-empty-state-demo.gif" alt="shiny.emptystate element using image from unDraw" width=675px/>

Author: I am not yet sure if this will get rendered properly. I tried to build the site locally, but it seems `pkgdown` is getting confused with the path.
